Coursera
H
 

Lessons
All Course Content

Lesson 2 of 3:
Practical R Exercises in swirl
Practical R Exercises in swirl Part 1
Previous Lesson
Next Lesson
During this course we'll be using the swirl software package for R in order to illustrate some key concepts. The swirl package turns the R console into an interactive learning environment. Using swirl will also give you the opportunity to get and clean data just like a data scientist would. In this programming assignment, you'll have the opportunity to practice some key concepts from this course.

0. Install R

swirl requires R 3.0.2 or later. If you have an older version of R, please update before going any further. If you're not sure what version of R you have, type R.version.string at the R prompt. You can download the latest version of R from https://www.r-project.org/.
Optional but highly recommended: Install RStudio. You can download the latest version of RStudio at https://www.rstudio.com/products/rstudio/.
1. Install swirl

Since swirl is an R package, you can easily install it by entering a single command from the R console:

install.packages("swirl")
If you've installed swirl in the past make sure you have version 2.2.21 or later. You can check this with:

packageVersion("swirl")
2. Load swirl

Every time you want to use swirl, you need to first load the package. From the R console:

library(swirl)
3. Install the Statistical Inference course

swirl offers a variety of interactive courses, but for our purposes, you want the one called Getting and Cleaning Data. Type the following from the R prompt to install this course:

install_from_swirl("Getting and Cleaning Data")
4. Start swirl and complete the lessons

Type the following from the R console to start swirl:

swirl()
Then, follow the menus and select the Getting and Cleaning Data course when given the option.

If you need help...

Visit the Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) page to see if you can answer your own question immediately.

Search the Discussion Forums this course.

If you still can't find an answer to your question, then create a new thread under the swirl Programming Assignment sub-forum and provide the following information:

A descriptive title
Any input/output from the console (copy & paste) or a screenshot
The output from sessionInfo()
Good luck and have fun!

For more information on swirl, visit swirlstats.com



